Improve subgraph documentation. (#210)
ensdomains/docs: docs/web/subgraph.mdx

## The Graph

The Graph is a protocol for indexing and querying data from blockchains. There are multiple subgraphs that you can use to query information about ENS names.

> These subgraphs are available for [mainnet](https://api.thegraph.com/subgraphs/name/ensdomains/ens) and [goerli](https://api.thegraph.com/subgraphs/name/ensdomains/ensgoerli).

Reviewer: Maybe also add Sepolia while you're here! https://api.studio.thegraph.com/query/49574/enssepolia/version/latest

Reviewer 2: and holesky
[https://api.studio.thegraph.com/query/49574/ensholesky/version/latest⁠](https://api.studio.thegraph.com/query/49574/ensholesky/version/latest)

Author: Makes sense! Thanks for the links. I have added them in the latest commit.

## Use Cases

There are certain use cases where the graph is better for querying ENS specific information than through the resolution process.
One of such use-cases is querying which NFT names are owned by a specific address.

## Example Queries

> One can explore the following examples interactively via the [Graph Explorer Playground](https://thegraph.com/explorer/subgraphs/EjtE3sBkYYAwr45BASiFp8cSZEvd1VHTzzYFvJwQUuJx?view=Playground&chain=mainnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can explore the following examples interactively via the [Graph Explorer Playground](https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/subgraph/ensdomains/ens)
```
